Come on, Jack, by Daniel Jeffs, a little bit of text.
Dear sweet heart, wait for you, Jack.
Dear sweet heart, wait for you.
At the close of day, someone says sing a song, Jack will drive all cares away.
When Jack began his singing, his mind wandered back.
He was singing of a maiden who was waiting.
He left the camp next morning, reading his sweetheart's name.
Said I'll go and ask forgiveness, for I know that I'm to blame.
But when he reached the prairie, he found a new-made mound.
and his friend they sadly told him they had laid his loved one down they say
It'll go and ask forgiveness, for I know that I'm to blame.
Your sweetheart waits for you, Jack.
Your sweetheart waits for you.
Out on the lonely prairie, where the skies are always bleak.